Create rule S6435: React render function must always return a value (#1075)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6435/javascript/rule.adoc

> When implementing React Components, their `render` method of should always *return*, typically JSX. The rule will raise an issue when the return statement missing. If the component has nothing to render, the method should return `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React components describe an independent and reusable piece of UI. To define it one can declare a function (functional component) or a class (class component). When implementing a class component, a `render` method is required to define the DOM structure, typically with JSX syntax. Thus having a `render` method without a single `return` statement is usually a mistake. If it's required that the component renders to nothing, the method should return `null`.
```

@gabriel-vivas-sonarsource wdyt?

Reviewer 2: Looks pretty good :+1:

One small typo:
```diff
- method of should
+ method should
```

When writing the `render` method in a component it is easy to forget to return the JSX content. This rule will warn if the `return` statement is missing.

== Noncompliant Code Example

[source,javascript]
----
var Hello = createReactClass({
  render() {
    <div>Hello</div>;
  }
});

class Hello extends React.Component {
  render() {
    <div>Hello</div>;
  }
}
----

== Compliant Solution

[source,javascript]
----
var Hello = createReactClass({
  render() {
    return <div>Hello</div>;
  }
});

class Hello extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return <div>Hello</div>;
  }
}
----

== See

> * https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/blob/master/docs/rules/require-render-return.md[Enforce ES5 or ES6 class for returning value in render function (react/require-render-return)

Reviewer: We don't put links to eslint rules. You might put here the link to the doc about `render` function.

The `render` should always return. The rule will raise an issue when it's missing.

== Noncompliant Code Example

[source,javascript]
----

> const createReactClass = require('create-react-class');

Reviewer: IMHO just second example is enough to demonstrate the rule, I would remove this one.

const App1 = createReactClass({
  render() {

>     <div>Contents</div>; // Without return, it's an empty statement

Reviewer: I didn't get the comment, what is `empty statement` here?
